0x02. C - Functions, nested loops

### 0. _putchar
Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.

##### The program should return 0


### 1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game

 a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.


### 2. 10 x alphabe
a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line

### 3. islower
a function that checks for lowercase character


### 4. isalpha
a function that checks for alphabetic character.

### 5. Sign
a function that prints the sign of a number.

### 6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you
a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

### 7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important
 a function that prints the last digit of a number.

### 8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life
a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.


### 9. Learn your times table
 a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

### 10. a + b
a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

### 11. 98 Battery Street, the OG
 a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

Prototype: void print_to_98(int n);
Numbers must be separated by a comma, followed by a space
Numbers should be printed in order
The first printed number should be the number passed to your function
The last printed number should be 98

### 12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself
a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

Prototype: void print_times_table(int n);
If n is greater than 15 or less than 0 the function should not print anything

### 13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. 
##### A program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line

### 14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A
a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space , 

### 15. Even Liber Abbaci
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, 
##### A program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line

### 16. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+
 a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
* not allowed to use the standard library
* not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…)
* not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or structures
* not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2)
